 exercise number 1
    Create a webpage that prints your name to the screen.
 exercise number 2
    Create a webpage that prints the numbers 1 - 10 to the screen.
 exercise number 3
    Create a webpage and set its title to "This is a webpage".
 exercise number 4
    Create a webpage that prints the message "When was this webpage created? Check page's title for the answer." to the screen, and set the title of the page to the current date.
 exercise number 5
    Create a webpage that prints any text of your choosing to the screen, do not include a head section in the code.
 exercise number 6
    Print your name in green.
 exercise number 7
    Print the numbers 1 - 10, each number being a different color.
 exercise number 8
    Print your name in a Tahoma font.
 exercise number 9
    Print a paragraph with 4 - 5 sentences. Each sentence should be a different font.
 exercise number 10
    Print a paragraph that is a description of a book, include the title of the book as well as its author. Names and titles should be underlined, adjectives should be italicized and bolded.
 exercise number 11
    Print the squares of the numbers 1 - 20. Each number should be on a separate line, next to it the number 2 superscripted, an equal sign and the result. (Example: 102 = 100)
 exercise number 12
    Print two paragraphs that are both indented using the &nbsp; command.
 exercise number 13
    Print two lists with any information you want. One list should be an ordered list, the other list should be an unordered list.
 exercise number 14
    Download a file when clicking on the link.
 exercise number 15
    Create a webpage that tells anything about you
 exercise number 16
    Create a webpage that what do you do in your free times
 exercise number 17
    Create a webpage that shows the table of all of your coursemates (include pictures, phone numbers and brief description and link that shows whole information about him or her) 
 exercise number 18
    Create a webform that you can enter your name, username, gender, age, the date of birth, height, weight, health condition(option)
 exercise number 19
    Create a full home page for your blog post 
 exercise number 20
    Create any project you want